---
title: Minecraft in Unity
date: 1642463320470
bio: I talk about future projects I'm thinking of doing!
---

# Minecraft in Unity
The title kind of explains what I'm going to try and make lol

At the moment, there are many projects that I am working on, and they can be categorized as two things: **Long Term** projects, and **Short Term** projects.

## Long Term projects
There's only 2 of these projects that I am working on. They are my [`Europa Lang`](https://github.com/europalang/Europa-Lang) and [`Cycle Bot`](https://github.com/cursorweb/Cycle-Bot-Game). The goal of these projects are not to finish them, but to add as much as possible and make it as good as possible, hence the term long term.

Why these 2 projects are long term and not others is because europa lang is my long-term goal of learning rust while making something cool and useful. Also, its cool to learn about language design! Cycle Bot is something I wish to use as a way to expand my JS/TS skills, Cycle Bot is not only a discord bot, in the future, I plan to even host a website for it.

## Short Term projects
These projects are projects that I try and finish as fast as possible, and they are usually a quick proof of concept or something fun that dies after a short while. There is no motivation with these projects, they simply exist for the enjoyment of others.

# Minecraft
Many months ago, I bought Minecraft, and it was a game unlike any other I have played. It's a sandbox game, and there are really no bounds to what you can do. My goal is to try and recreate that and make the graphics look better too. The goal is to try and create a **long-term** project that's a game people can download.

# Motivation
The reason for this is to try and get a better understanding of unity, and voxel-based games in general. Hopefully, I can also get better at other aspects of game-making like textures!

# Creation
Creating the game won't be easy, I'm planning to make the github repo tomorrow, and hopefully it doesn't get abandoned!