---
title: Migrating to NextJS 13
date: 1687998624526
bio: I upgraded this website to next.js 13, and document my experiences.
---

**TL;DR**: I used [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQMSietiFm0) and this [next.js migration guide](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/upgrading/app-router-migration) to upgrade this project to use app router.

# Migrating to NextJS 13
I have recently come back to this project after a long pause! Throughout this, several things have changed about Next.js. Only one other library has made such a radical change like this: discord.js. However, unlike discord.js, next.js had an actually *useful* update.

For this project, I had to do these upgrades:
1. Move project folders to `src/` directory
1. Move from using JS to TS
1. Upgrade next.js to v13 and use app router.

## Moving project folders
Moving folders to the `src/` directory will make things more organized, however **don't move the `public/` folder**! That has to be in the root.

From this point on, I created a separate test nextjs project to compare code. I used `npx create-next-app` and chose to use typescript.

## Moving from JS to TS
I first installed a few modules.
```
npm i typescript
npm i -D @types/node @types/react @types/showdown
```

Then, I copied the `tsconfig.json` from the other project to this project.

Finally, I had to put in types. One type that was especially useful was `React.ComponentPropsWithoutRef<T>` which helps type the `...props` pattern. Using an union type, we can do something like:
```tsx
function Card({ title, ...props }: { title: string } & React.ComponentPropsWithoutRef<"div">) {
    return (
        <div {...props}>{title}</div>
    );
}
```

You can read more [here](https://blog.bitsrc.io/react-with-typescript-cheatsheet-9dd891dc5bfe) and [here](https://dev.to/brslv/using-typescript-intersections-to-extend-component-s-props-in-react-2omg).

> **Note:** I also found that there was `React.ComponentProps` which is shorter to type, but it seems that it's not as specific as `React.ComponentPropsWithoutRef` or `React.ComponentPropsWithRef`. I guess it's bad practice?


> **Really side note:** During this step, I also updated some eslint rules, and discovered I could use `React` without importing it! I think this is some Next.js magic, because VSCode gets the type hints correctly. [This](https://betterprogramming.pub/next-js-react-server-side-rendering-done-right-f9700078a3b6) was an article I found. It doesn't seem like the next template is importing it, and so I won't bother. Typescript will warn me of unused variables so it's fine.

## Using App Router
This was obviously the hardest part. However, it wasn't actually that bad! At first, when I saw what next.js apps looked like, I didn't think it was next.js! However, upon closer inspection, **it's much simpler than you think!** One thing that really helped me was [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQMSietiFm0).

First, I created an `app/` folder. Each folder is a route, so I had to create new folders for each file I had. Then, I had to define `layout.tsx`. Like the `tsconfig.json`, I just copied from a new next.js project I created in a separate folder.

There was a super convenient `next/font/google` module, and it greatly simplified using fonts! Before I knew about this, I had to install the font locally and put it in `globals.css`.

`getServerSideProps` and `getStaticProps` are now much simpler. This greatly simplified the blog pages.

Finally, I removed the `pages/` folder altogether, with `_app.tsx`! Good bye pages.

## Conclusion
Migrating and upgrading is definitely a task that seems difficult at first, but it turned out to be super convenient and now I understand next.js better! As a bonus, the website *should* run faster (but it's already fast)!