---
title: New Years Resolution 2022
date: 1641509432577
bio: I talk about my new years resolution!
---

# New Years Resolution!
This is kind of late, but I want to talk about my 2022 new years resolution! The goal is to try and make a github commit every day. It doesn't have to be big, and it can be on any project that I'm making or will be making, but I just have to make at least one commit a day.

# Motivations
There's a couple of reasons why I'm doing this.

## Maintaining projects
A lot of my projects 'die' and no longer become maintained because I no longer update them. The longer I don't update them, the higher of a chance that I eventually just give up on it. The reason is because it's been so long that I've worked on it I don't really remember what I was doing and what I have to be doing.

## Getting better
A good way to improve my coding skills is to practice every day. This goal can help with that because I'm making a commit every day. Of course, some days the commits are guaranteed to be small and unimportant, and sometimes they don't really acheive anything super useful in terms of my improvement, but every small step helps!

## Cool github image
Who doesn't want a completely green github commit profile?

# Acheiving this goal
I'm not sure if there will be any moments where I just can't code and get online and make the commit, but hopefully the entire year there won't be anything hindering this progress. Even if I can't do every *single* day, I'm sure I can get at least 90% completion.

# Closing
I hope you enjoyed my blog post, and hopefully I am able to maintain this resolution for the whole year!